2.
In Oakland, California, Prince N'Jobu (Sterling K. Brown) vows to share Wakandas technology with people of African descent around the world in order to help them conquer their oppressors. N'Jobu enlists black-market arms dealer Ulysses Klaue to infiltrate Wakanda and remove a cache of vibranium.

3.
The film revolves around an alcoholic professor, J. D. (Vijay), who takes a three-month teaching job in a juvenile home and clashes with a ruthless gangster named Bhavani (Vijay Sethupathi), who uses the children as the scapegoat for his criminal activities.

4.
Childhood friends and sweethearts are ready to get married. But they also want to experience being single before taking the plunge.

5.
It stars Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone with Nikitin Dheer, Sathyaraj, Kamini Kaushal and Lekh Tandon in supporting roles. The film revolves around Rahul Mithaiwala, a man who accidentally boards the eponymous train and journeys from Mumbai to Rameswaram with the daughter of a local don.

6.
Set in 1981, it follows Arthur Fleck, a failed clown and aspiring stand-up comic whose descent into mental illness and nihilism inspires a violent countercultural revolution against the prosperous in a decaying Gotham City. Robert De Niro, Zazie Beetz and Frances Conroy appear in supporting roles.

7.
Incorporating both historical and fictionalized aspects, it is based on accounts of the sinking of the RMS Titanic and stars Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage.

8.
Plot. Thirteen years after the battle of Calypso's maelstrom, a twelve-year-old Henry Turner boards the Flying Dutchman and informs his father, Will, that the curse which binds Will to the Dutchman and only permits him to step on land once a decade can be broken by the Trident of Poseidon.

9.
Darbar marks Rajinikanth playing the role of a police officer after 27 years; his last police role was in Pandiyan (1992). It follows Aaditya Arunasalam (Rajinikanth), the commissioner of Mumbai Police, who sets out to curb rampant drug-trafficking and prostitution in the city.

10.
Plot. After Quentin Beck frames Peter Parker for his murder and reveals Parker's identity as Spider-Man, Parker, his girlfriend Michelle "MJ" Jones-Watson, best friend Ned Leeds, and aunt May are interrogated by the Department of Damage Control.

11.
It centers around fictional versions of two Indian revolutionaries, Alluri Sitarama Raju (Charan) and Komaram Bheem (Rama Rao), their friendship and their fight against the British Raj.

12.
In ancient India, an adventurous and daring man becomes involved in a decades-old feud between two warring peoples. It's a tale of two cousins in the Kingdom of Mahishmati, India. Balla fights his way with cousin Baahubali for the throne.

13.
The film is set in medieval India and follows the sibling rivalry between Amarendra Baahubali and Bhallaladeva; the latter conspires against the former and has him killed by Kattappa. Years later, Amarendra's son returns to avenge his death.

14.
To explore Pandora, genetically matched human scientists use Na'vi-human hybrids called "avatars." Paraplegic Marine Jake Sully is sent to Pandora to replace his deceased identical twin, who had signed up to be an operator.

15.
This is the story of the Sully family and what one does to keep their family together. Jake and Neytiri have a family in this movie, they are forced to leave their home, they go out and explore the different regions of Pandora, including spending quite a bit of time on the water, around the water, in the water.